feat: now search callback response will emit SearchRequest after every search request is sent (#730)
ldapjs/node-ldapjs: docs/client.md

|timeLimit  |the maximum amount of time the server should take in responding, in seconds. Defaults to 10.  Lots of servers will ignore this.|
|paged      |enable and/or configure automatic result paging|

Responses inside callback of the `search` method are an `EventEmitter` where you will get a notification for
each `searchEntry` that comes back from the server. You will additionally be able to listen for a `searchRequest`
, `searchReference`, `error` and `end` event.

> `searchRequest` is emitted immediately after every `SearchRequest` is sent with a `SearchRequest` param. You can do op
> like `client.abandon` with `searchRequest.messageID` to abandon this search request. Note that the `error` event will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`searchRequest` is emitted immediately after every `SearchRequest` is sent with a `SearchRequest` parameter. You can do operations
like `client.abandon` with `searchRequest.messageID` to abandon this search request. Note that the `error` event will
```
